# Damage Allocation App - JS version

This is a simple app for use with the Star Fleet Battles (SFB) Table Top Game. A full set of rules, materials, and an opponent is required to utilize this app. I hold no rights to the game nor am I claiming any. This was entirely built as a POC and for my own edification. I thought to simplify the tedious rolling of copious amounts of dice and looking up the results on the original damage allocation chart that is provided along with the game. This is presented as an aid and is not intended to replace anything in the game.

The start of the application asks the simple question of "How many internals?" [*that are needed to be "rolled"*]. The app then virtually rolls 2D6 for the amount given. It then goes through in order that the rolls were made and displays the result for that roll based upon the SFB chart and rules. Each result displayed has three options to it: **None**, **Last**, and **Next**. If the result displayed is valid and there are more of said result (example: a  Forward Hull hit out of a possible 30  Forward Hull boxes on the ship's SSD), just click **Next** for the next result to appear. If the result is the last available hit for said system (example: a Forward Hull hit (the 30th one) out of a possible 30  Forward Hull boxes on the ship's SSD), clicking **Last** will exclude all other Forward Hull results from appearing without affecting the rolls themselves. If the result is not present on the SSD or there are no longer any valid options for the result (example: a Forward Hull hit (the 31st one) out of a possible 30  Forward Hull boxes on the ship's SSD or a Cargo hit on a ship without any cargo boxes), then the result is excluded from the remaining results and the next result according to the damage allocation chart for the dice roll is shown (example: on a roll of a 7,  the result is Cargo, but there are no cargo boxes on the ship's SSD, clicking **None** loads in the next result for the dice roll which is Forward Hull).

When all the results are finished being processed, the Final "Stats" card is revealed with information about the rolls made.

This entire app was written only with Vanilla JS, CSS3, and HTML5. jQuery and Bootstrap were added only for Bootstrap's framework stylings that I liked for this. This app was originally written in Python but I ran into some issues integrating that into a web app as I really needed the UI framework up to look at in order to move forward with the Python version. I then decided to migrate this entirely to JavaScript for ease of development of the UI framework as a standalone app. This is a fully functional POC app.